Updated other supported operating systems (#9296)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/minimum-requirements.md

### Other supported operating systems

> - [macOS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-mac)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [macOS](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-mac)
```

> - [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-linux)
```

> - [Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-android)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-android)
```

> - [iOS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-ios)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [iOS](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/microsoft-defender-atp-ios)
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The exact versions of macOS, Android, iOS, and Linux distributions that are compatible with Defender for Endpoint are in the above linked documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Follow these links to find the exact versions of macOS, Android, iOS, and Linux distributions that are compatible with Defender for Endpoint.
```
